Revisit #4048 to Springless JPA extension (#5147)
apache/camel-quarkus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/reference/extensions/jpa.adoc

The extension leverages https://quarkus.io/guides/hibernate-orm[Quarkus Hibernate ORM] to provide the JPA implementation via Hibernate.

Refer to the https://quarkus.io/guides/hibernate-orm[Quarkus Hibernate ORM] documentation to see how to configure Hibernate and your datasource.

Also, it leverages https://quarkus.io/guides/transaction#programmatic-approach[Quarkus TX API] to provide `TransactionStrategy` implementation.

When a single persistence unit is used, the Camel Quarkus JPA extension will automatically configure the JPA component with a
`EntityManagerFactory` and `TransactionStrategy`.

[id="extensions-jpa-configuration-configuring-jpamessageidrepository"]
=== Configuring JpaMessageIdRepository

> It needs to use `EntityManagerFactory` and `TransactionStrategy` from the CDI container to configure the `JpaMessageIdRepository`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `JpaMessageIdRepository` you must `@Inject` `EntityManagerFactory` and `TransactionStrategy` beans into your `RouteBuilder` and pass them to the `JpaMessageIdRepository`:
```
